docs/software/libiio/index.rst, before:

.. _libiio:

Libiio
""""""

Libiio is a library that has been developed by Analog Devices to ease the
development of software interfacing :ref:`iio` devices.

The library abstracts the low-level details of the hardware, and provides a
simple yet complete programming interface that can be used for advanced
projects.

The library is composed by one high-level API, and several backends:

-  the "local" backend, which interfaces the Linux kernel through the sysfs
   virtual filesystem,
-  the "network" backend, which interfaces the ``iiod`` server through a network
   link.

The IIO Daemon (IIOD) server is a good example of an application that uses
*libiio*. It creates a libiio context that uses the "local" backend, and then
share it on the network to any client application using the "network" backend of
libiio and connected to the server.

.. image:: libiio_diagram.png
   :width: 400px

Documentation
=============

.. toctree::
   :titlesonly:

   internals
   Command line utility <cli>
   Tips & Tricks <tips-tricks>

An automatically generated documentation of the API can be found at :git-libiio:`/`

Python and C# have official bindings available in the repository but third
parties have developed others for more languages.

Python and C# bindings documentation is available on the :doc:`internals`
and within the `API documentation <http://analogdevicesinc.github.io/libiio/>`__.

**Deprecated** clients documentations can still be read at:

* :dokuwiki+deprecated:`ADI vs MathWorks Support <resources/tools-software/linux-software/libiio/clients/fmcomms2_3_simulink>`
* :dokuwiki+deprecated:`LTE Transmitter and Receiver Example <resources/tools-software/linux-software/libiio/clients/lte_example>`
* :dokuwiki+deprecated:`IIO System Object <resources/tools-software/linux-software/libiio/clients/matlab_simulink>`
* :dokuwiki+deprecated:`IIO Plugin for Visual Analog <resources/tools-software/linux-software/libiio/clients/visual_analog>`
* :dokuwiki+deprecated:`QPSK Transmit and Receive Example <resources/tools-software/linux-software/libiio/clients/qpsk_example>`
* :dokuwiki+deprecated:`ADS-B Airplane Tracking Example <resources/tools-software/linux-software/libiio/clients/adsb_example>`
* :dokuwiki+deprecated:`Beacon Frame Receiver Example <resources/tools-software/linux-software/libiio/clients/beacon_frame_receiver_simulink>`

Network Backends
================

If you just want to use libiio and iiod, which may be on a pre-compiled image -
there are many places you can stream data to.

- :dokuwiki:`MATLAB and Simulink </libiio/clients/matlab_simulink>`
- :dokuwiki:`Visual Analog </libiio/clients/Visual Analog>`
- :dokuwiki:`IIO oscilloscope for Windows </resources/tools-software/linux-software/iio_oscilloscope>`
- :dokuwiki:`GNU Radio </resources/tools-software/linux-software/gnuradio>`
- :ref:`pyadi-iio: Device Specific Python Interfaces For IIO Drivers <pyadi-iio>`

Source code and releases
========================

The libiio library source code can be obtained on :git-libiio:`/`.

Stable releases are available at :git-libiio:`releases+`.

Continuous integrations pipelines run `here <https://dev.azure.com/AnalogDevices/OpenSource/_build?definitionId=9&branchFilter=5798%2C5798%2C5798%2C5798>`__,
where installers for every platform can also be found, but may be unstable/buggy.

.. _libiio build:

Building libiio
===============

Building on the Linux/Zynq Target
---------------------------------

Check out how to :ref:`stay up to date <kuiper update>`.
This will check out and build the latest version.

Building on the Linux Host Target
---------------------------------

Building libiio is pretty straightforward.

The first step is to fetch the dependencies, which as of now is only libxml2.

Debian based distributions
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

On a Debian-flavoured GNU/Linux distribution, like Ubuntu for instance:

.. shell::

   $sudo apt-get install build-essential libxml2 libzstd-dev \
   $    libxml2-dev bison flex libcdk5-dev cmake

Depending on the backend (how you want to attach the IIO device), you may need
at least one of:

.. shell::

   $sudo apt-get install libaio-dev libusb-1.0-0-dev \
   $    libserialport-dev libxml2-dev libavahi-client-dev doxygen graphviz

RedHAT based distributions
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. shell::

   $sudo dnf install libxml2 libzstd-dev \
   $    libxml2-devel bison flex make gcc cmake rpmdevtools

Depending on the backend (how you want to attach the IIO device), you may need
at least one of:

.. shell::

   $sudo dnf install libaio-devel libusb1-devel \
   $    libserialport-devel avahi-devel doxygen graphviz

FreeBSD based distributions
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. shell::

   $sudo pkg update && sudo pkg upgrade && sudo pkg install \
   $    libzstd libxml2 bison flex gcc cmake git

Depending on the backend (how you want to attach the IIO device), you may need
at least one of:

.. shell::

   $sudo pkg install libserialport avahi doxygen graphviz

Add these lines to ``/etc/rc.conf``:

::

   dbus_enable="YES"
   avahi_daemon_enable="YES"
   avahi_dnsconfd_enable="YES"

FreeBSD does not automount USB drives by default, so you need to install an
automounter:

.. shell::

   $sudo pkg install automount

Remaining steps
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. warning::

   At this time the main branch of libiio in under heavy development.
   It is recommended to use the latest release if not a developer.
   That would be a v0.XX release.

Now you have the prerequisite installed, you can clone a release branch from the
GIT repository:

.. shell::

   $git clone https://github.com/analogdevicesinc/libiio.git --branch v0.26

In the *libiio/* directory,

.. shell::

   ~/libiio
   $mkdir build && cd build
   $cmake ../ && make
   $sudo make install

This will build *libiio* in the *build* subdirectory, and install it to
*/usr*. Note that it is possible to install to a different location by setting
the PREFIX variable.

To build IIO oscilloscope you'll have to make sure libiio directories can be
found, one way to do this given it installed to /usr/lib is add it to your
sessions PATH:

.. shell::

   $PATH=/usr/lib/:$PATH

Understanding which libiio is being used
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

During development, sometimes it can be a puzzle which version of libiio is
being used. An easy way to tell is to do something like:

.. shell::

   ~/libiio
   $git describe --tags
    v0.8-13-g6847e22

To check what is running:

.. shell::

   ~/libiio/build
   $iio_info
    Library version: 0.8 (git tag: 6847e22)
    Unable to create IIO context

If you are running an application, and want to find out:

.. shell::

   ~/libiio/build
   $strace -ofoo iio_info
    Library version: 0.8 (git tag: 6847e22)
    Unable to create IIO context
   $grep -e ^open  foo | grep libiio
    open("./tls/x86_64/libiio.so.0", O_RDONLY|O_CLOEXEC) = -1 ENOENT (No such file or directory)
    open("./tls/libiio.so.0", O_RDONLY|O_CLOEXEC) = -1 ENOENT (No such file or directory)
    open("./x86_64/libiio.so.0", O_RDONLY|O_CLOEXEC) = -1 ENOENT (No such file or directory)
    open("./libiio.so.0", O_RDONLY|O_CLOEXEC) = 3
   $ls -l ./libiio.so.0
    lrwxrwxrwx 1 analog analog 13 Nov 15 10:36 ./libiio.so.0 -> libiio.so.0.8
    analog@imhotep:~/github/libiio/build$ ls -l ./libiio.so.0.8
    -rwxr-xr-x 1 analog analog 408432 Nov 15 10:36 ./libiio.so.0.8

This found a version in the same directory.

.. shell::

   $strace -ofoo iio_info
    Library version: 0.8 (git tag: 6847e22)
    Unable to create IIO context
   $grep -e ^open  foo | grep libiio
    open("./tls/x86_64/libiio.so.0", O_RDONLY|O_CLOEXEC) = -1 ENOENT (No such file or directory)
    open("./tls/libiio.so.0", O_RDONLY|O_CLOEXEC) = -1 ENOENT (No such file or directory)
    open("./x86_64/libiio.so.0", O_RDONLY|O_CLOEXEC) = -1 ENOENT (No such file or directory)
    open("./libiio.so.0", O_RDONLY|O_CLOEXEC) = -1 ENOENT (No such file or directory)
    open("/usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libiio.so.0", O_RDONLY|O_CLOEXEC) = 3
   $ls -l /usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libiio.so.0
    lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 13 Nov  9 21:05 /usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libiio.so.0 -> libiio.so.0.8
   $ls -l /usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libiio.so.0.8
    -rw-r--r-- 1 root root 408432 Nov 15 10:36 /usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libiio.so.0.8

This found the version in */usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libiio.so.0*.

Cross-compilation
-----------------

If you want to cross-compile libiio, you can do so by passing the corresponding
toolchain information file to cmake. Normally this is done by creating a
toolchain file, and passing this to Cmake with a
``-DCMAKE_TOOLCHAIN_FILE=path/to/file`` option, the file will be loaded early to
set values for the compilers. This is described in the
`mainline cmake doc <https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/manual/cmake-toolchains.7.html#cross-compiling>`__.

Building on Windows
-------------------

The instructions for building libiio with Visual Studio are available
:dokuwiki:`here <resources/tools-software/linux-software/building_libiio_for_windows>`.

Enabling IIOD USB Backend
=========================

In order to use the libIIO USB Backend - support must be built into IIOD. A
simple check is shown below:

.. shell::

   $iiod -F foo
    ERROR: IIOD was not compiled with USB support.

In this case LibIIO / IIOD needs to be built with USBD support. (WITH_IIOD_USBD)

If all the dependencies are met, the USB Backend is built automatically. However
the 'WITH_IIOD_USBD' option is only available under certain conditions.

In the log of cmake, if you see: *Check size of struct
usb_functionfs_descs_head_v2 - failed*

Although your kernel itself probably is recent enough, your kernel headers are
too old.

The fix:

#. Download the
   `functionfs.h <https://raw.githubusercontent.com/torvalds/linux/master/include/uapi/linux/usb/functionfs.h>`__
   file.
#. And place it in */usr/include/linux/usb/functionsfs.h*, overwriting the old
   one.

.. shell::

   $cd /usr/include/linux/usb
   $rm functionfs.h
   $wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/torvalds/linux/master/include/uapi/linux/usb/functionfs.h

Rebuild LibIIO
--------------

.. shell::

   $cd /usr/local/src
   $git clone https://github.com/analogdevicesinc/libiio.git
   $cd /usr/local/src/libiio/
   $git clean -xdf
   $cmake .
   $make
   $sudo make install

USB Device Mode Kernel Support
------------------------------

In order to use the libIIO USB Backend, the target must support USB Device Mode.

Kernel compiled with USB UDC Gadget support.

::

   CONFIG_USB_CHIPIDEA=y
   CONFIG_USB_CHIPIDEA_UDC=y
   CONFIG_USB_GADGET=y
   CONFIG_USB_GADGET_XILINX=y
   CONFIG_USB_CONFIGFS=y
   CONFIG_USB_CONFIGFS_F_FS=y

Starting IIOD with USB Support
------------------------------

.. admonition:: Download

   `iiod-usb.conf <http://swdownloads.analog.com/cse/share/iiod-usb.conf>`__

Copy (and replace) iiod.conf upstart script into /etc/init

Testing
-------

If everything works out well the USB context should be included in the available
context list.

.. shell::

   ~/devel/pshare/iiod usb
   $iio_info -s
    Library version: 0.10 (git tag: c95ff6a)
    Compiled with backends: local xml ip usb
    Available contexts:
        0: Local devices [local:]
        1: 0456:b671 (Analog Devices Inc. Generic USB IIOD), serial=00000000 [usb:1.36.0]

libiio Examples
===============

libiio - AD9361 IIO streaming example
-------------------------------------

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1

   - - Source
     - Description
   - - :git-libiio:`ad9361-iiostream.c <examples/ad9361-iiostream.c>`
     - Configures the AD9361 transceiver, receives samples, processes them and
       sends them back out.

Commit message:

docs: Update links to adi-kuiper-gen
Signed-off-by: Jorge Marques <jorge.marques@analog.com>

docs/software/libiio/index.rst, after:

.. _libiio:

Libiio
""""""

Libiio is a library that has been developed by Analog Devices to ease the
development of software interfacing :ref:`iio` devices.

The library abstracts the low-level details of the hardware, and provides a
simple yet complete programming interface that can be used for advanced
projects.

The library is composed by one high-level API, and several backends:

-  the "local" backend, which interfaces the Linux kernel through the sysfs
   virtual filesystem,
-  the "network" backend, which interfaces the ``iiod`` server through a network
   link.

The IIO Daemon (IIOD) server is a good example of an application that uses
*libiio*. It creates a libiio context that uses the "local" backend, and then
share it on the network to any client application using the "network" backend of
libiio and connected to the server.

.. image:: libiio_diagram.png
   :width: 400px

Documentation
=============

.. toctree::
   :titlesonly:

   internals
   Command line utility <cli>
   Tips & Tricks <tips-tricks>

An automatically generated documentation of the API can be found at :git-libiio:`/`

Python and C# have official bindings available in the repository but third
parties have developed others for more languages.

Python and C# bindings documentation is available on the :doc:`internals`
and within the `API documentation <http://analogdevicesinc.github.io/libiio/>`__.

**Deprecated** clients documentations can still be read at:

* :dokuwiki+deprecated:`ADI vs MathWorks Support <resources/tools-software/linux-software/libiio/clients/fmcomms2_3_simulink>`
* :dokuwiki+deprecated:`LTE Transmitter and Receiver Example <resources/tools-software/linux-software/libiio/clients/lte_example>`
* :dokuwiki+deprecated:`IIO System Object <resources/tools-software/linux-software/libiio/clients/matlab_simulink>`
* :dokuwiki+deprecated:`IIO Plugin for Visual Analog <resources/tools-software/linux-software/libiio/clients/visual_analog>`
* :dokuwiki+deprecated:`QPSK Transmit and Receive Example <resources/tools-software/linux-software/libiio/clients/qpsk_example>`
* :dokuwiki+deprecated:`ADS-B Airplane Tracking Example <resources/tools-software/linux-software/libiio/clients/adsb_example>`
* :dokuwiki+deprecated:`Beacon Frame Receiver Example <resources/tools-software/linux-software/libiio/clients/beacon_frame_receiver_simulink>`

Network Backends
================

If you just want to use libiio and iiod, which may be on a pre-compiled image -
there are many places you can stream data to.

- :dokuwiki:`MATLAB and Simulink </libiio/clients/matlab_simulink>`
- :dokuwiki:`Visual Analog </libiio/clients/Visual Analog>`
- :dokuwiki:`IIO oscilloscope for Windows </resources/tools-software/linux-software/iio_oscilloscope>`
- :dokuwiki:`GNU Radio </resources/tools-software/linux-software/gnuradio>`
- :ref:`pyadi-iio: Device Specific Python Interfaces For IIO Drivers <pyadi-iio>`

Source code and releases
========================

The libiio library source code can be obtained on :git-libiio:`/`.

Stable releases are available at :git-libiio:`releases+`.

Continuous integrations pipelines run `here <https://dev.azure.com/AnalogDevices/OpenSource/_build?definitionId=9&branchFilter=5798%2C5798%2C5798%2C5798>`__,
where installers for every platform can also be found, but may be unstable/buggy.

.. _libiio build:

Building libiio
===============

Building on the Linux/Zynq Target
---------------------------------

Check out how to :external+adi-kuiper-gen:doc:`stay up to date <repositories>`.
This will check out and build the latest version.

Building on the Linux Host Target
---------------------------------

Building libiio is pretty straightforward.

The first step is to fetch the dependencies, which as of now is only libxml2.

Debian based distributions
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

On a Debian-flavoured GNU/Linux distribution, like Ubuntu for instance:

.. shell::

   $sudo apt-get install build-essential libxml2 libzstd-dev \
   $    libxml2-dev bison flex libcdk5-dev cmake

Depending on the backend (how you want to attach the IIO device), you may need
at least one of:

.. shell::

   $sudo apt-get install libaio-dev libusb-1.0-0-dev \
   $    libserialport-dev libxml2-dev libavahi-client-dev doxygen graphviz

RedHAT based distributions
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. shell::

   $sudo dnf install libxml2 libzstd-dev \
   $    libxml2-devel bison flex make gcc cmake rpmdevtools

Depending on the backend (how you want to attach the IIO device), you may need
at least one of:

.. shell::

   $sudo dnf install libaio-devel libusb1-devel \
   $    libserialport-devel avahi-devel doxygen graphviz

FreeBSD based distributions
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. shell::

   $sudo pkg update && sudo pkg upgrade && sudo pkg install \
   $    libzstd libxml2 bison flex gcc cmake git

Depending on the backend (how you want to attach the IIO device), you may need
at least one of:

.. shell::

   $sudo pkg install libserialport avahi doxygen graphviz

Add these lines to ``/etc/rc.conf``:

::

   dbus_enable="YES"
   avahi_daemon_enable="YES"
   avahi_dnsconfd_enable="YES"

FreeBSD does not automount USB drives by default, so you need to install an
automounter:

.. shell::

   $sudo pkg install automount

Remaining steps
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. warning::

   At this time the main branch of libiio in under heavy development.
   It is recommended to use the latest release if not a developer.
   That would be a v0.XX release.

Now you have the prerequisite installed, you can clone a release branch from the
GIT repository:

.. shell::

   $git clone https://github.com/analogdevicesinc/libiio.git --branch v0.26

In the *libiio/* directory,

.. shell::

   ~/libiio
   $mkdir build && cd build
   $cmake ../ && make
   $sudo make install

This will build *libiio* in the *build* subdirectory, and install it to
*/usr*. Note that it is possible to install to a different location by setting
the PREFIX variable.

To build IIO oscilloscope you'll have to make sure libiio directories can be
found, one way to do this given it installed to /usr/lib is add it to your
sessions PATH:

.. shell::

   $PATH=/usr/lib/:$PATH

Understanding which libiio is being used
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

During development, sometimes it can be a puzzle which version of libiio is
being used. An easy way to tell is to do something like:

.. shell::

   ~/libiio
   $git describe --tags
    v0.8-13-g6847e22

To check what is running:

.. shell::

   ~/libiio/build
   $iio_info
    Library version: 0.8 (git tag: 6847e22)
    Unable to create IIO context

If you are running an application, and want to find out:

.. shell::

   ~/libiio/build
   $strace -ofoo iio_info
    Library version: 0.8 (git tag: 6847e22)
    Unable to create IIO context
   $grep -e ^open  foo | grep libiio
    open("./tls/x86_64/libiio.so.0", O_RDONLY|O_CLOEXEC) = -1 ENOENT (No such file or directory)
    open("./tls/libiio.so.0", O_RDONLY|O_CLOEXEC) = -1 ENOENT (No such file or directory)
    open("./x86_64/libiio.so.0", O_RDONLY|O_CLOEXEC) = -1 ENOENT (No such file or directory)
    open("./libiio.so.0", O_RDONLY|O_CLOEXEC) = 3
   $ls -l ./libiio.so.0
    lrwxrwxrwx 1 analog analog 13 Nov 15 10:36 ./libiio.so.0 -> libiio.so.0.8
    analog@imhotep:~/github/libiio/build$ ls -l ./libiio.so.0.8
    -rwxr-xr-x 1 analog analog 408432 Nov 15 10:36 ./libiio.so.0.8

This found a version in the same directory.

.. shell::

   $strace -ofoo iio_info
    Library version: 0.8 (git tag: 6847e22)
    Unable to create IIO context
   $grep -e ^open  foo | grep libiio
    open("./tls/x86_64/libiio.so.0", O_RDONLY|O_CLOEXEC) = -1 ENOENT (No such file or directory)
    open("./tls/libiio.so.0", O_RDONLY|O_CLOEXEC) = -1 ENOENT (No such file or directory)
    open("./x86_64/libiio.so.0", O_RDONLY|O_CLOEXEC) = -1 ENOENT (No such file or directory)
    open("./libiio.so.0", O_RDONLY|O_CLOEXEC) = -1 ENOENT (No such file or directory)
    open("/usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libiio.so.0", O_RDONLY|O_CLOEXEC) = 3
   $ls -l /usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libiio.so.0
    lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 13 Nov  9 21:05 /usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libiio.so.0 -> libiio.so.0.8
   $ls -l /usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libiio.so.0.8
    -rw-r--r-- 1 root root 408432 Nov 15 10:36 /usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libiio.so.0.8

This found the version in */usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libiio.so.0*.

Cross-compilation
-----------------

If you want to cross-compile libiio, you can do so by passing the corresponding
toolchain information file to cmake. Normally this is done by creating a
toolchain file, and passing this to Cmake with a
``-DCMAKE_TOOLCHAIN_FILE=path/to/file`` option, the file will be loaded early to
set values for the compilers. This is described in the
`mainline cmake doc <https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/manual/cmake-toolchains.7.html#cross-compiling>`__.

Building on Windows
-------------------

The instructions for building libiio with Visual Studio are available
:dokuwiki:`here <resources/tools-software/linux-software/building_libiio_for_windows>`.

Enabling IIOD USB Backend
=========================

In order to use the libIIO USB Backend - support must be built into IIOD. A
simple check is shown below:

.. shell::

   $iiod -F foo
    ERROR: IIOD was not compiled with USB support.

In this case LibIIO / IIOD needs to be built with USBD support. (WITH_IIOD_USBD)

If all the dependencies are met, the USB Backend is built automatically. However
the 'WITH_IIOD_USBD' option is only available under certain conditions.

In the log of cmake, if you see: *Check size of struct
usb_functionfs_descs_head_v2 - failed*

Although your kernel itself probably is recent enough, your kernel headers are
too old.

The fix:

#. Download the
   `functionfs.h <https://raw.githubusercontent.com/torvalds/linux/master/include/uapi/linux/usb/functionfs.h>`__
   file.
#. And place it in */usr/include/linux/usb/functionsfs.h*, overwriting the old
   one.

.. shell::

   $cd /usr/include/linux/usb
   $rm functionfs.h
   $wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/torvalds/linux/master/include/uapi/linux/usb/functionfs.h

Rebuild LibIIO
--------------

.. shell::

   $cd /usr/local/src
   $git clone https://github.com/analogdevicesinc/libiio.git
   $cd /usr/local/src/libiio/
   $git clean -xdf
   $cmake .
   $make
   $sudo make install

USB Device Mode Kernel Support
------------------------------

In order to use the libIIO USB Backend, the target must support USB Device Mode.

Kernel compiled with USB UDC Gadget support.

::

   CONFIG_USB_CHIPIDEA=y
   CONFIG_USB_CHIPIDEA_UDC=y
   CONFIG_USB_GADGET=y
   CONFIG_USB_GADGET_XILINX=y
   CONFIG_USB_CONFIGFS=y
   CONFIG_USB_CONFIGFS_F_FS=y

Starting IIOD with USB Support
------------------------------

.. admonition:: Download

   `iiod-usb.conf <http://swdownloads.analog.com/cse/share/iiod-usb.conf>`__

Copy (and replace) iiod.conf upstart script into /etc/init

Testing
-------

If everything works out well the USB context should be included in the available
context list.

.. shell::

   ~/devel/pshare/iiod usb
   $iio_info -s
    Library version: 0.10 (git tag: c95ff6a)
    Compiled with backends: local xml ip usb
    Available contexts:
        0: Local devices [local:]
        1: 0456:b671 (Analog Devices Inc. Generic USB IIOD), serial=00000000 [usb:1.36.0]

libiio Examples
===============

libiio - AD9361 IIO streaming example
-------------------------------------

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1

   - - Source
     - Description
   - - :git-libiio:`ad9361-iiostream.c <examples/ad9361-iiostream.c>`
     - Configures the AD9361 transceiver, receives samples, processes them and
       sends them back out.
