docs/learning/workshop_what_sw_for_sdr/index.rst, before:

What software do I need for my SDR?
===============================================================================

FTC2023 Pluto Workshop
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- USB drive image is available `here <https://swdownloads.analog.com/cse/kuiper/FTC2023_SDR.zip>`__
- Documentation is available `here <https://swdownloads.analog.com/cse/workshops/ftc2024/pluto_sdr/FTC2023_SDR_pluto.zip>`__ (PPT, lab instructions and exercises)

FTC2024 Jupiter Workshop
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
- RPi400 SD Card image is available `here <https://swdownloads.analog.com/cse/kuiper/Kuiper_rpi400_FTC2024_SDR.zip>`__
- Jupiter SD Card image is available `here <https://swdownloads.analog.com/cse/kuiper/Kuiper_jupiter_FTC2024_SDR.zip>`__
- Documentation is available `here <https://swdownloads.analog.com/cse/workshops/ftc2024/jupiter_sdr/ftc24_SDR_jupiter.zip>`__ (PPT, lab instructions and exercises)


Introduction
------------
Future home of this workshop:
WIP

Commit message:

docs/learning/what_sw_for_sdr: add docs for the Pluto workshop of FTC2025.
Signed-off-by: AlexandraTrifan <alexandra.trifan@analog.com>

docs/learning/workshop_what_sw_for_sdr/index.rst, after:

What software do I need for my SDR?
===============================================================================

FTC2023 Pluto Workshop
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- USB drive image is available `here <https://swdownloads.analog.com/cse/kuiper/FTC2023_SDR.zip>`__
- Documentation is available `here <https://swdownloads.analog.com/cse/workshops/ftc2024/pluto_sdr/FTC2023_SDR_pluto.zip>`__ (PPT, lab instructions and exercises)

FTC2024 Jupiter Workshop
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
- RPi400 SD Card image is available `here <https://swdownloads.analog.com/cse/kuiper/Kuiper_rpi400_FTC2024_SDR.zip>`__
- Jupiter SD Card image is available `here <https://swdownloads.analog.com/cse/kuiper/Kuiper_jupiter_FTC2024_SDR.zip>`__
- Documentation is available `here <https://swdownloads.analog.com/cse/workshops/ftc2024/jupiter_sdr/ftc24_SDR_jupiter.zip>`__ (PPT, lab instructions and exercises)

FTC2025 Pluto Workshop
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
- Title: Software hands-on training kit: Getting started with SDR using ADALM-PLUTO
- RPi5 SD Card image with Kuiper v2.0 available `here <https://swdownloads.analog.com/cse/kuiper/FTC25_SDR_Kuiper.zip>`__
- Documentation is available `here <https://swdownloads.analog.com/cse/workshops/ftc2025/ftc2025_sdr_exercises.zip>`__ (PPT, lab instructions and exercises)
